chore: update `CONTRIBUTING.md` (#16465)
vitejs/vite: CONTRIBUTING.md

git config --local blame.ignoreRevsFile .git-blame-ignore-revs
```

> ## docs
> 
> For local development check out the documentation:
> 
> 1. Run `pnpm run build` in Vite's root folder.(Since `twoslash` is configured in the document, to prevent errors, perform a global build before starting the document)
> 
> 2. Run `pnpm run docs` in Vite's root folder..

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Documentation

To develop the `docs/` site:

1. Run `pnpm run build` in Vite's root folder. This will generate the types for `twoslash` to work in the code examples. If the types are not available, errors will be logged in step 2 but does not prevent the site from working.

2. Run `pnpm run docs` in Vite's root folder.
```

tweaked a bit

Author: Thank you! 👍

## Debug Logging

You can set the `--debug` option to turn on debugging logs (e.g. `vite --debug resolve`). To see all debug logs, you can set `vite --debug *`, but be warned that it will be quite noisy. You can run `grep -r "createDebugger('vite:" packages/vite/src/` to see a list of available debug scopes.

> 

Author: Refer to https://github.com/vitejs/vite/pull/16144
